What do you say we head out
tonight after school?
Hit the town,
maybe get into a little trouble?
Yeah, maybe
in my next life, crazy.
Ah! Maybe
you already got plans!
- Maybe a secret girlfriend.
- Ah, please!
I have to have a social life
to have a girlfriend.
I mean, you know my father:
I can barely go to the bathroom
without his approval.
Well, he doesn't keep tabs
on you every second.
I bet you are the most popular
guy on campus, right?
- Whatever!
- Ha! Ha! I knew it!
So what's her name?
Stay put.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Yes, I'm being serious!
- It's just that you caught me by surprise.
- What? You don't think I'd make a good supervisor?
- You'd make a great supervisor!
I just didn't think you'd be
interested in upper management,
that's all. Why now?
Well, I mean,
you're off fighting crime
and keeping our streets clean with the IIB.
Now, Sandy's in the jungle,
curing exotic diseases.
I'm spinning my wheels!
It's time for a change.
You've thought about this, huh?
Yes. I mean,
if not now, when? You know,
even Peter Pan had to grow up...
into Robin Williams, no less.
- You watched Hook again last night.
- Twice.
Yeah. It's you, huh?
Yeah. I guess I'm not done
saving lives yet, partner.
Hey.
Hey, Michelle! What's up?
All right!
I'll be right there.
That was fast, man. I can't
believe you beat us here.
Well, I ran a few red lights.
So what's going on?
Town car spun out;
driver was found unconscious;
single gunshot wound
to the chest.
That's all we know so far.
- So why is this on IIB's radar?
- Well, Metro ran the plates.
Turns out the car's registered
to Abbassi Ayim.
Ayim? Why do I know that?
The former Liberian
Minister of State,
accused of theft and brutality.
He relocated here years ago
after being forced
to be removed from office.
That's right! There was
quite the public outcry.
Yeah, some folks
aren't too happy
about an exiled tyrant
living in their neighborhood.
Well, a guy like that, his
name's flagged in the system.
Is that the victim?
- Paramedics are working on him now.
- Thank you. Hey!
Long time no see!
Hey! Told you you couldn't
quit me. Nice badge.
Please, please!
Where is he? Is he OK?
Sir, you've lost
a lot of blood, OK?
You need to take it easy. We're
going to get you out of here.
All right? Just breathe,
just breathe, sir.
- Where is he?
- Just breathe.
- There was a boy
in the back of the car:
- 15, maybe 16 years old.
- That explains this.
Ibrahim Ayim.
It's Abbassi Ayim's son.
So, the question is,
did he walk away?
...or was he taken?
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
- So what's the protocol here?
- Well, until evidence
tells us otherwise,
we treat this as an abduction.
So they found a gun registered
to the driver, Quazy Hanson,
30 years of age. He's part of
Ayim's personal security detail.
The clip was full:
he didn't get a shot off.
What about Ayim's son?
Ibrahim Ayim:
he was born in Liberia,
moved here eight years ago
with his father. No siblings.
- Has he been in any trouble?
- No juvenile record.
He's registered to a private
school in Richmond Hill.
I confirmed that he didn't make
it to class this morning.
I'll head over there and talk
to his teachers and his friends.
How about the driver?
Does he have a record?
He's been in the employ for
the past four years. No record.
Well, Ayim has more enemies
than my mother
has decorative spoons, so...
Why all the haters?
He is suspected of stealing
millions from his own people.
Not to mention
the rumours of brutality,
torture, mass murder...
They didn't have
enough proof to lock him away,
so they exiled his ass.
- Excuse me.
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- I got your message.
- Has Ayim been notified yet?
- Yeah, Metro's on their way.
OK, well tell them
to hold off until I get there.
I want to handle
the relationship personally.
Alpha dog to alpha dog, nice!
He's all yours, Fido.
I need you working on a list
of possible kidnappers.
There's no way
that this was random.
[It'll be connected somehow
to Ayim with the kid.]
Leave no stone unturned, OK?
Spoken like a true tyrant.
Ayim would be proud.
It's good to be king.
IIB.
- Where's your boss?
- Unavailable.
You have to make an appointment.
We need to see him now.
Is he here?
It's fine, Rafiq.
How may I help you gentlemen?
Mr Ayim, my name is Alvin
Klein. I head up a special unit
of the Integrative
Investigative Bureau.
I am familiar
with the IIB, Mr Klein.
- I assume this is not a social call.
- Is Ibrahim here?
He left for school.
Why do you ask?
Sir, your town car was
intercepted this morning.
We have reason to believe
that your son has been abducted.
With your permission, we'd like
to set up a command post
here at the house in preparation
for any possible contact,
- such as a ransom demand.
- Of course.
Sir, these first hours
are the most crucial.
If you have any idea
who might be responsible--
- I have many enemies.
- Any of them stand out to you?
A recent conflict, perhaps?
There is someone.
Dennis Harwell
long-time political activist.
Guess who his favourite
punching bag is?
- Abbassi Ayim?
- The one and only!
Let's go have a chat
with Mr Harwell.
- So, what's this guy up to?
- Well, he's hell-bent
on getting Ayim
tossed out of the country.
He's throwing around
some serious allegations
with no proof
to back it up. Last week,
Ayim's lawyer slapped him
with a cease-and-desist notice,
which he didn't like so well.
In his last column,
he declared all-out war on Ayim.
Well, I would say
that kidnapping
falls comfortably under warfare.
Klein's thoughts exactly.
That's me. Hold on. Logan.
[Hey! You want an update]
[on your gunshot victim?]
Yeah. Hey, thanks for calling
me back. How's he doing?
Still in surgery;
bullet lodged between two ribs;
shattered one
and collapsed one of his lungs.
All right, so when
do we get to talk to him?
[I can let you know
when he's in recovery,]
but don't expect
any coherent conversations.
- You got to keep me posted, OK?
- OK.
- You coming?
- Yeah.
Sir, can I talk
to you for a second?
You know, I've got
a lot of paperwork, Mr Bey.
Oh! Well, that's actually,
uh... kind of why I'm here.
What did you do?
Oh, no! Sir, it's nothing
like that. I just thought
maybe I could, uh...
help out a little bit
with some of the workload.
- What are you talking about?
- Well, I think it's time for me
to take my career
to the next level, sir.
I'm ready to write
my supervisor exam.
Supervisor exam.
You're serious.
Why does everybody
keep asking me that? Yes!
Look, this isn't a good time:
I'm really swamped here,
so could we just
talk about this later?
Yeah, sure. OK.
What are you still
doing here, Mr Bey?
Since when is it a crime
to tell the truth?
If you want an exact date,
check the top
- of your cease-and-desist notice.
- I'm fighting that,
but I can't afford to go up
against Ayim in court.
Maybe you should've thought of that
before you declared a war on the guy.
We organize public protests,
peaceful protests, not snatching
kids off the street.
I think you're forgetting
who the monster here is.
Well, we've looked into
some of your peaceful protests.
It's interesting how so many
of them have turned violent.
I can't always control
what happens.
There were three
in Liberia staged by you,
all ending
in civilian casualties.
Every time,
it was Ayim's forces
- that instigated the violence.
- So why keep going back?
The first time, sure:
you're making your statement.
But every time after that, you're
just leading the lambs to slaughter.
I have my reasons.
And your reasons... are you
sure they're not personal?
I never said
they weren't personal.
- Where am I going?
- Right here.
Thanks.
Cory Draper? Hi.
I'm Corporal Clarke
with the IIB.
I just have a couple of
questions about Ibrahim Ayim.
The principal tells me
that you two
- are close friends.
- Is he OK?
That's what we're trying
to find out.
- Can you think of anyone who might want to hurt him?
- You know who his dad is,
- right?
- Sure.
Dude's all sorts of scary.
Even Abi's freaked out by him.
- How so?
- Dude's got a temper.
Ibrahim said he was scared
his dad was going to kill him
when he got mad sometimes.
Can you think of anyone else?
Well, he did mention some guy
watching him at the school yard.
He saw him there a few times,
just watching.
And one time,
Abi tries calling to him,
but the guy just took off.
Did you get a description or did Ibrahim
happen to tell you what he looked like?
- Just some black guy.
- OK.
Thank you.
If Ibrahim contacts you
or if you hear anything,
can you call me?
Thanks.
Wow! I guess
it's true what they say.
If you say, "crime does pay",
I will shoot you.
Getting good
at reading my mind.
All right, thank you. Hey!
How'd it go with Harwell?
Well, he's certainly
got a bone to pick,
but we didn't have enough
to bring him in,
so Mitch is keeping
an eye on him.
Our guy Ayim is definitely cooperating with
us, but I feel like he's holding back.
I definitely want to know what's
going on inside his head, OK?
Mr Ayim,
this is sergeant McCluskey
and special consultant Logan.
These are two
of my best investigators.
Has there been any progress
made in my son's abduction?
We're following
several leads, sir.
I'm certain it's Harwell.
The man threatened me
on a public forum.
He's a parasite.
I want him arrested.
Well, it's not quite
that simple, but I assure you,
we're keeping him
under close surveillance.
I know you've already
gone through this,
but if you can think
of anyone else
who'd want to harm you
or your son...
As a former Minister of State,
I am constantly dealing
with threats,
both for myself and my family.
I understand, sir,
but if there's anything
you can tell us...
Have you spoken to Ibrahim's
mother, Rita Bello?
She showed up here two weeks
ago, raving like a lunatic.
I had to remove her
from the property.
That seems a bit harsh.
She gave up her rights to Ibrahim a long time ago.
She has no business here.
Can you think of why she would
want to take him from you now?
You bastard!
You broke our agreement!
Nothing comes to mind.
- Yeah, we'll speak with her.
- Yeah.
OK. Mr Ayim,
this could be it.
OK, just like we discussed.
Here we go.
- Yes?
- [Hello?]
[Dad?]
Ibrahim!
- Where are you?
- [Not sure. I--]
[If you want
to see your son again,]
[the price is
ten million dollars.]
I will not pay you a cent!
Do you hear me?
Not a damn cent!
[You have eight hours
to deliver the cash.]
[After that,
the boy dies.]
Mr Ayim, I thought
we agreed that you'd try
to keep them on the line
for as long as possible.
I have no interest
in wasting time
with scum like that.
We can't effectively do our job, sir,
if you don't stick to the game plan.
We got the trace, but the call
was made from a burner phone.
They just texted the account that
they want the money be sent to.
- Ten million's a big number.
- I've decided to pay.
That's not the impression
you left on the phone, sir.
I don't need you to understand
the way I do things, Mr. Klein.
Well, I suggest we wait
until they call back.
That way, we can insist
on a location drop,
we'll flush them out
into the open.
I strongly disagree. I suggest
we proceed as we discussed, sir.
- The ransom will be paid.
- You have the cash?
My accounts are offshore,
not easily accessible.
But I can secure what I need
through private loans.
I should have it in a few hours.
The minute
they have that money,
your son becomes a liability
to his abductors.
The longer they have him,
the more danger he's in.
I agree with Rafiq.
If I give them what they want,
they'll have no reason
to harm him. They wouldn't dare.
Well, I don't agree,
but it's your son.
It's your call.
We're going to need statements from your
security team and your household staff.
- My staff? Why?
- We need to speak to everyone
- who knew your driver's exact route and schedule.
- Of course.
Rafiq will give you
what you need.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
I'll handle his staff.
You two have bigger fish to fry.
- Shall we?
- This way.
Did you get anything?
Like he said, he has a lot of
enemies. Reading him is like
scrolling through a database of
possible suspects.
- What about the mother?
- She was there,
but there's more to it.
Ayim is hiding something.
- Driver's in recovery.
- Let's go.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
You're welcome.
I am very impressed!
Becoming a supervisor's
a big commitment.
It's nothing
I can't handle, right?
...This is where you're
supposed to say, "Right, Oz!"
Yes, of course! Why didn't you ask
Ryder to sign your application?
I don't know.
He's been busy. Thanks again!
All right!
Hey, so the mystery man
in the school yard,
- is he still a dead end?
- Yeah,
Dev asked the students and
the teachers: nobody's seen him.
- Hey!
- Hi!
- So, can we see our guy?
- Yes, I will take you to him,
but whatever your expectations
are, lower them.
He's heavily sedated.
Yeah, but is he
still conscious?
He's in and out. But
even awake, I don't count on him
being able to string
two sentences together.
- I'm hoping he won't have to.
- OK.
Make it quick, OK?
He needs his rest.
Somebody should've
told him that.
- Hey, no drive-through tonight: I want
to eat something healthy. - You got it!
Whoa, hey! Hey, man!
We already saved your life
once today, where are you going?
I have to....
...report to my boss.
OK, you got a tough boss? Hey,
come on, I can relate to that.
Come on, easy. Here we go, come
on. Come on. Here we go.
I asked my boss for some career
guidance and he laughed in my face.
Can you believe that, huh?
What is that, right?
OK, OK.
It's rumoured that my boss
once had a man executed
for being late.
...OK, you win.
Thanks for bringing him back.
Yeah. Maybe I'll come check in
with him after my shift.
- Look at you.
- What?
Not every paramedic
goes the extra mile.
OK.
Do you remember
anything that happened?
It's... foggy.
- I can't quite...
- It's OK. Just do your best.
- OK.
- Just think.
Ibrahim!
I lost him.
Can you think of anyone else
who could've done this?
Anyone.
He's gone.
It's my fault.
- No, no, no. Calm down.
- That's enough.
You're pushing him too hard.
I'm sorry.
So are you sure it's the same
guy that you saw in Ayim's head?
Yeah. He was wearing a work
shirt with the initials WASC.
OK, well, I'll get Dev to do a
search of the local businesses.
I'm sorry I can't be of more
help. I'm not in my son's life.
You and Ayim never married,
but you followed him to Canada shortly
after he brought Ibrahim here,
so why come if not
to be closer to your son?
- It's complicated.
- And you and Ayim,
you have some sort
of arrangement.
Yes, you might say
I was head hunted.
Abbassi wanted a son
and he had
very specific requirements
- of the woman who would carry it for him.
- And you won the job.
In exchange
for a generous monthly stipend
to go away.
But you didn't go away,
you followed.
It looks that way, but no.
I came here to make a good life
and to make sure that Ayim
kept up his end of the bargain.
That may seem cold to you,
but I made my peace with
my decision a long time ago.
We're not here to judge you.
We're just curious, really,
why you'd go see Ayim now,
after being away for so long.
He told you.
You bastard!
Where is my money?
You owe me!
He stopped paying you,
didn't he?
Three months ago.
Won't even tell me why.
I'm sure a lawyer
would be able to help.
There's no paperwork.
He made me a promise,
I accepted.
I was young and stupid.
I suppose I should be thankful
he's carried me
for this long, but...
You want what
you were promised.
You're damned right, I do.
And I'm going to get it,
one way or another.
We have reason to believe
that your son was being watched
at his school by someone
he didn't know.
Do you know anything
about that?
Of course not.
Typical Abbassi, sending someone
to keep tabs on his own son.
OK. Well, thank you for your time.
We'll be in touch if you have
any more questions.
- Thank you.
- Dev!
Did you trace the initials?
- We'd like to speak to the owner.
- Hamissi?
I'm sorry, he's not here.
Not for a cop, anyway.
Do you mind
if we take a look around?
Or we could come back with
a warrant and a dozen cops.
Whatever works for you.
Go ahead.
- Keep watch here.
- All right.
That's it. Walk away.
Michelle!
He's going out the back!
You must be Hamissi.
Good work.
- You OK?
- Yeah.
What the hell is this?
Oh, it's my supervisor application form.
Remember, we talked about it?
- Well, I talked, you laughed.
- This isn't to be taken lightly, Oz.
- Yeah, I know, sir.
- But you went behind my back anyway.
What do you think? You fill out a form, take
a few classes, that's all there is to it?
- Is that how you see my job?
Like anyone can do it? - No, sir. Not at all.
This is an all-consuming job
and the training is grueling.
You're gonna give up
your nights and your weekends?
You're gonna hit the books
instead of the bars?
Absolutely, sir. Yeah.
- All right,
I'll make you a deal:
if you feel this strongly
a couple months down the road,
I'll get the ball rolling.
But until then,
I'll hold on to this.
- I have assembled the ransom.
- Already?
I'm still a man
of some influence, Mr Klein.
The money is in an account
awaiting transfer.
OK. Well, we have
five hours left
and my team are following up
a very promising lead.
- I understand, but the risk--
- ...doesn't just vanish
when you hit "send"
on the money transfer.
Mr Ayim, I want to give this
to you as straight as possible.
There is a good chance
that your son will be executed
as soon as your money clears
and the only chip
we have left to play is time.
So I'm asking, please:
don't take that away from us,
not now, not when
we're making real progress.
Sir, you can't be
considering this.
We've already agreed
on our course of action.
I'll delay the payment.
But if anything
should happen to my son,
I will hold you
personally responsible.
I told you I don't know
anything about the missing kid.
Then why did you run?
You found the distillery:
I panicked.
Look, we know you've been harassing Ayim's son.
You've been hanging around his school.
What? That...
OK, yes. There was one time,
but not at his school.
We'd had a few drinks
and we ran into the kid
at the gas station
near the club.
He was a...
a convenient target,
that's all.
It's his father making my life
a living hell, not him.
- What's your problem with Ayim?
- We came to this country
to escape his oppression.
And what do we get, huh?
More of the same.
It's disgraceful!
How is he making
your life a living hell?
His thugs are shaking down
the club for money.
I run an non-profit
business here.
Most of my proceeds
are sent back home to Liberia
to help
with the rebuilding efforts.
But now, that cash
is in his pockets,
while I'm forced to make my own
booze, just to stay in business.
Who do you send
your proceeds to back home?
I don't send them directly,
I use a broker, a local guy.
Does he have a name?
Yeah.
But you're not getting it.
Ayim
finds out, I am a dead man.
You're scared of Ayim?
Hell, yeah, I'm scared of him.
He's a cold-blooded killer!
- Look, we've all heard the rumours, and--
- Rumours?
Are you kidding me?
The man is a monster.
I saw it with my own eyes.
- You OK?
- Yeah.
Did you get anything that ties him
to being our schoolyard mystery man?
No, but he's telling
the truth about Ayim.
That doesn't surprise me.
What does surprise me is a man with millions
of dollars is shaking down local businesses.
He had stopped the payments
to Ibrahim's mother.
I'll have Dev
look into his finances.
There's someone
we need to talk to again.
What did you want me to say?
By the way,
I've been funneling money
to Liberian protest groups
to help the fight against
government corruption?
Well, Hamissi seems to think his money
is going towards rebuilding efforts.
Yeah, well, I get the money
to where it does the most good.
They need
weapons, not care packages.
You see, I imagine Hamissi
would love to know
that his money is actually
putting guns
- in the hands of rebels.
- That's...
You can't prove anything.
Besides, what does any of this
have to with a missing kid? - Plenty.
By taking money out of Hamissi's pocket, Ayim
was unknowingly taking money out of yours.
And you need the cash,
so by holding his son
for ransom, you get the money
- and your revenge all at once.
- You're wrong.
I'm looking for justice,
not revenge.
I want Ayim to pay
for the evil he's done.
I'm an activist,
not a criminal.
Well, this wouldn't be
the first time
those lines have blurred.
- I don't like him. He's cocky.
- There's something about him.
- Yeah.
- Hey, guys!
So I dug into Ayim's finances
like you suggested:
you gotta check this out.
Just hit the top file there.
OK, hold on.
These numbers are accurate?
Yeah. Ayim invested heavily
in the market
just in time for it to crash.
He lost a fortune.
I mean, that combined
with bad property investments
and lavish spending, the guy's
barely keeping his head
- above water.
- So he's actually broke.
- Close to it, yeah.
- So his son being kidnapped
would give him the perfect opportunity to
start begging for large sums of money.
You think he could've set
this up to pad his bank account?
I think it's a bear
worth poking.
Either way,
hopefully it leads somewhere,
because we have less than three
hours.
Hey, Liv!
He's insisting
I bring you back in to see him,
against my advice.
He's refusing to take his meds
before he speaks to you, so he
can be more focused.
The pain has to be
excruciating, Toby.
- Please go easy on him.
- Kid gloves, OK?
- OK.
- Come on, let's do this.
Quazy,
hey.
You wanted to see us.
- Yes. I want to help.
- Good.
Ibrahim isn't just
my responsibility.
He's my friend.
Do you remember what happened?
He's seizing!
- Hold him down.
- OK, all right.
He's in arrest.
Give me the cart!
So Dev is looking into
the vehicle make and model.
- Good, thank you.
You know both gunmen were black:
- Harwell's not the shooter.
- He could've been driving.
- Mm-hm.
- Hey!
Hey, where's my coffee?
What are you doing
here so late?
Oh, wasn't tired.
I'm going to check in on Quazy,
unless you guys
lost him again... OK.
Hey, great job, Dev.
Thanks for running
those vehicle plates.
Man, the bank records?
Awesome!
Oh, and doing a search
for those initials?
You're the best.
You're a computer wizard!
We'd be lost without you.
What do we have?
Well, thanks to our
description of the vehicle,
Dev was able to do a search for traffic light
photos in the vicinity of the crime scene.
- Wow, that's Rafiq!
- Where did you get this?
It was taken six blocks
from the abduction site,
- two minutes after it happened.
- Where's Rafiq now?
- I don't know.
- I don't believe you.
I think a man like you knows exactly
where his men are at all times.
So which one did you have
shadowing your son at his school?
Which one almost killed
your driver?
What are you insinuating?
- Did you order the abduction of your son?
- Mr Klein.
I got something here
you should see.
This package just got
dropped off by courier.
- Has it been checked?
- Yeah.
I think you better
have a look for yourself.
Huh.
My God.
I can't believe
they sent us a damn finger.
Finger's on the way to the lab
to test for DNA.
You still think Ayim
might be behind this?
Yeah. I've seen
what he's capable of.
- I wouldn't put it past him.
- Maybe this is Rafiq's doing:
he finds out his boss is broke and looks for
an alternative to the unemployment line.
- Did you question the courier?
- Yeah,
he says he has no idea
what he was carrying.
The package and cash were
waiting for him at pickup.
- Hm.
- So, where does this leave us?
Nothing's changed,
so long as we have the money,
we hold all the cards.
No more games: the ransom
will be sent immediately.
This is exactly what they want.
- You can't--
- I can and I will.
One call to the bank
and it will finally be over.
Well, that's
not going to happen.
Your account has been frozen,
pending investigation.
You can't do that! I obtained
those loans through legal means!
So your financers are aware that you
have no way of paying them back?
Then there's the question of
your personal security details
shaking down local businesses.
He's my son.
We haven't given up on him.
OK, people, we have less than
90 minutes to figure this out.
- Let's stay with it!
- All right.
Hey, Oz!
- Hey! How's he doing in there?
- Stabilized,
but until we find the real
source of the trouble,
he's still at risk.
I'll keep you updated.
- OK, I'll be here.
- Go home! You look exhausted!
Oh, excuse me,
it's been a long day.
OK, what's going on?
It isn't like you,
- moping over a patient.
- No, it's nothing.
It's just, uh...
it's a work thing.
It's Ryder. - Ryder. - Yeah.
This whole supervisor thing...
I thought he'd be a lot more
supportive and it's like...
it's like he's trying
to hold me back.
- I don't get it.
- My advice?
Yeah.
You need to be having
this conversation with him.
There's not a whole lot
of intel on Rafiq.
The car is under Ayim's name,
his apartment's in Ayim's name.
I don't even have a personal
bank account on record here.
There's got
to be a paper trial.
Well, we have a SIN number and
a driver's license, that's it.
He's working hard
to stay off the radar.
- He's doing a good at that.
- Hey, guys!
- Yeah?
- I got to show you something.
By utilizing traffic cams and
other security camera feeds,
I've pieced together
the route taken by the SUV.
- Dev, this is great.
- Thanks! Don't get too excited:
they fell off the grid here.
So we got them pinned down
on the Portlands
between Cherry and Lesley, but that's
still an extensive search, so...
Well, Rafiq is smart: he's going to choose
a location that we can't link back to him.
You know, there's a lot of
abandoned buildings
in that area: we got called out there all the time.
It's a haven for the homeless.
I'll get a list
of addresses together.
Let's try the old boat house
on Commissioner's next.
Wait, I think I got something.
According to city hydro,
- the warehouse on Unwin has been
without electricity for years. - And?
And there was a work order
placed three days ago,
requesting the power
be turned back on.
- That's it?
- Yeah.
I'll call backup.
OK, we have ten minutes.
I don't trust Rafiq
to keep his cool
then the money doesn't show.
-I say we go in now.
- Yeah.
All clear.
Stay close, keep your head
down and try not to get us shot.
Comforting pep talk.
I make three gunmen.
That's that kid
from the schoolyard!
He must've fed us that story
to throw us off.
- You see Rafiq?
- Ibrahim must be up where the guard is.
Rafiq might be up there
with him.
OK, looks like we got an opening.
When I go up, you cover me.
- OK. You're with me.
- OK.
gunshot)
What are you waiting for?
Kill him!
Police! Down on the ground!
Michelle! Behind you!
- Everyone OK?
- I'm good.
Yeah.
I got him.
Thank you. Thank you.
You all right?
How's your hand? I'm a paramedic.
All right, the blood's dry.
Leave the bandage on
'til we get to the hospital.
What happened to Quazy?
My driver? Is he all right?
- Yeah, he's fine. He's been worried sick about you.
- Please, can I just...
- can I get some fresh air, please?
- Yeah. Yeah, I'll take you.
- Good work, man.
- Let's get you some fresh air.
Dev!
- Yeah?
- It's him!
One move, he's dead.
- OK. Just take it easy.
- Drop your weapon.
Now!
It wasn't your finger.
My father could've been
a great man.
He had the power,
he had the money,
but he lost the trust
of his people.
That cost him everything.
I will
not make the same mistake.
You want everything
your father had, but lost?
I hate it here.
And with ten million dollars,
I can start my new life
with my friends.
True friends,
who love me and trust me
to protect them.
- What friends? Uh, like Quazy?
- Quazy is a great guy,
but he would've tried
to talk me out of this.
- So instead, you got him shot?
- It wasn't supposed to happen.
What about this guy? With his finger, when
you cut that off? Was that an accident?
You still don't get it!
I won't forget your sacrifice.
He wanted to, for you.
That's sick, man.
That's not true love.
These aren't your friends,
these are your followers.
Stop that!
That's not true!
Violence, manipulation,
fraud... You think that's trust?
- You're twisting my words!
- You haven't escaped your father. You've become him!
Shut up, it's not true!
- Bone shards?
- That's right,
but we were able
to remove them all,
so it'll be painful,
but you'll make a full recovery.
The pain here
it's not as bad
as the pain here.
I lost a dear friend.
You know what?
If it's any consolation,
I think you picked a good BFF.
- Ha! Oz.
- Yes.
He was here when
I first woke up.
- Was he?
- Does he always talk so much?
- He does, yes.
- Ha! Ha!
I like him, I think he's funny.
Do you know
he offered to get me a job
- at his parents' restaurant?
- Really?
Don't tell him I said so,
but... I can do better.
I won't.
So you're gonna quit your job?
It's for the best, I think.
And to be honest,
I'm ready for a change.
You know, there's
a lot of that going around.
- Sir, can I talk to you for a second?
- What can I do for you?
Did I do something wrong, sir? Did I
mess up and you didn't tell me about it?
- What are you talking about?
- Well, I'm trying to think
of a reason, any reason,
why you would stand in the way
of me trying to take
the next step here.
Well, it's just that...
I don't think you're ready.
I am ready.
Sir, I want this.
I'm not scared of the workload
or the time commitment.
What I'm scared of
is looking back on my life
ten years from now and realizing
I didn't challenge myself
to do more with it. So I
can't change your opinion of me,
but I got news for you:
I'm going to write
this supervisor exam
whether you help me or not.
Congratulations.
- On what?
- On passing your first test.
My first test? Sir, I don't
know what you're talking about.
I had to be sure that you
were 100% dedicated to this.
Read them, memorize them,
live 'em and breathe 'em.
Yes, sir!
Here's your training manuals.
All right,
there's a lot of them.
I don't how you breathe a book,
but I will get to it, sir. - Anything else?
Thank you. I will get
right on this, sir! Sir?
- You will not regret this.
- Uh-huh.
You don't expect me to open that
up for you, do you, Mr Bey?
No, no. I'm a supervisor now.
I got my own doors!
The case we have against your
son is overwhelming, sir,
not to mention the fact that he
tried to kill one of my officers.
- Ibrahim!
- Mr Ayim, wait. Wait!
Ibrahim, look at me!
Turn around
and face me like a man!
Ibrahim!
I only wanted to protect you
from my mistakes.
When you're ready, sir.
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org